What is it guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be making some changes right here.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to do some homework.
I'm going to add some effects right here.
If someone brings this mouse it should turn into plaques so that it should look much create.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I want this to be like if someone clicks this he should be seeing color
Hoover on Hoover.
He should be seeing a plaque color.
So there we go.
OK.
You can see how this is.
So this is changing to black seem like this.
I'm going to come here to edit column so we don't have to edit this one.
We have to edit the column.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to style right here.
I'm going to go to Homer and on where it should change the color so it should change the color to be
black.
So here you go.
You can see how this is changing.
And we have the last one is graphic design.
I'm going to come here.
I basically want to select the column in column I want to go to the style I want to go to the backdrop
type and I want to come here to color and this color is going to be this one so you can see how this
is changing.
OK.
I know.
I want to I want to clear it.
I want to go to the Hoover and then on Hoeber when I come here to classic I want to come here to color.
And now I want this to be blocked.
So now you can see how this is looking.
OK.
So now I need a call to action but and right here.
So I would be asking to my viewers too that need a professional developer hire me.
OK so here would be a button.
So now let's get started.
Let's go here.
Let's just add a text editor OK.
And I want the text editor to be
what's come here.
And let's add it need professional
DBIL PR I need a professional.
Oh you need a professional developer.
OK.
I want to go to his style.
I want to align this to center.
OK.
And I want to go to the color and the color should be white.
So you're let's just hit this and let's switch on the tape biography.
So this should be right here.
OK.
And I want this to be open since
OK and I want to wait to be 300 and all.
Also a wand a border right here.
So I want to barter so for border
I get for bartering.
I think I should go with a column right here.
Sorry.
I want to come here.
I want to delete the column.
I want to edit this column right here.
I want to go to style and I want to assign the border so the border is going to be solid.
OK.
It's what is one pixel.
And it's color is going to be white.
So let's see.
You can see how this is looking.
OK.
I want some.
I wanted to decrease some spacing right here.
So what I want to do right now is that I want to go to this table right here and I want to go to style.
I want to go to Lionhead and line height should be decreased.
So here you go.
OK.
This is cool.
Now I want I want I want to save it.
And there we go.
You can see how this is looking say.
Need a professional developer and the higher means should be incited.
Yes.
OK.
I want a button right now so I'm going to click this.
And now here here should be a burden.
So it's Krabbe disburden.
And let's Tromp bitrate here so you can see this is coming right here.
I'm just going to click here and it should be hire me.
OK.
And I want it to be centered and I want the sites to be extra large.
Large slight icon.
So it should be higher by me person OK.
Let's see which one we should go for.
So I think
or just don't we don't choose any icon.
OK.
What I want right now I want to go to the button type holography.
I want to increase the size
OK.
And I want the family to be open sans
I want the background color to be the red.
So I wanted the bag from to be red
OK not just red but
this red red.
OK.
Yes.
I want to line height to be this much yes.
Just increase the size hire me.
OK what I want.
Now I want this to be let's just click this again.
Let's go to advance and let's grab some bedding right here.
So I want to give some batting to the top.
So it should be 50 Big saw weren't 50s not looking cool.
So 200.
So
200 pixel is looking at 100.
I think I should just come here and I think I don't need this water right here so I'm just going to
come here and the water should be none too.
I'm going to remove the water
OK.
I want to come here to the bitter end right here.
I want this tight to be let's just skim here.
Let's just give here and let's choose a default one.
OK.
The vase should be hand-raised
And let's just come here and choose the 301.
OK.
And I want the body type to be solid so the water cooler is going to be red and the bottom of it is
going to be one big saw everything.
OK.
So
everything looks cool right now.
Now what I want I want to COLLAERY to be
OK.
I think I should just decrease some say use this much
yes.
This is looking cool.
So now everything is looking cool.
What I want trade now.
Is that the horror color so on her over the back from Colors should be known.
So here we go.
You can see how this is changing.
Cool.
So.
Yes.
Also one more thing and that is the border radius Sabater radius is going to be zero.
OK.
So that should be full square.
Now this is looking cool.
Let's just come here and this.
You can see I just need a professional developer.
Hire me.
So everything looks cool.
You can see I have this my name my local my this but and right here I go down it goes down and it says
what I can do.
OK.
So we have some homebrewing effects right here and then we have the need a professional developer and
the SES hire me so you can see that this Seyed is simple.
This site is really simple.
We haven't use so many things.
OK.
We haven't used them but we have used the images and the professionality and it that is why this website
is looking amazing and if someone will see it they'll be like oh my god hell just buy me.
He'll just hire me basically sorry.
So you can see that this is how it works.
So now what I want I want I want.
Just to be like on clicking this a pop up should be coming right here and it should be asking the person
that what you want.
OK.
That he should be asking a farm or he should be showing a farm that pop up should be showing a farm
and the person can enter his name his e-mail address and the subject and all.
So this story that what we can say that the message so that I can just then contact him I can call him
or I can contact him and send him a coat.
OK.
So this is how it is going to work.
So now one thing I'm totally done with my website.
So thanks a lot guys who are watching this in the next video.
We'll move on.
Goodbye.